God devised another plan, a flawless one,
to restore Man to Himself.

He became just as man,
A supreme Spirit, Encased in a human body

Subjected to the frailties and limitations of flesh.

He lived as man and then died and was raised again

That by His death, Man would be separated from the sinful nature

And by His Resurrection, Man would become new again, just as he was in the beginning.

The plan worked out perfectly.

Man was renewed and the bridge back to God was built.

But one problem still persisted.
Man had never known how to walk with God.

Even though he had been renewed and the distance had been bridged,

he did not know how to relate with the Father.

So there were religious practices, but no relationship.

There were prayers, but no communication;
Routines, but no progress.

Man simply could not reach.
He didn't know how to.

And how would he know without a Teacher?

So God gave mankind a teacher.

He needed someone that would return to the ancient paths and teach people to do the same.

He needed a person that would insist on the standards of Heaven

without ever settling for less.

He needed a man that would reconcile the world he loved dearly back to Him

He needed a man that would be after His heart, in every sense of the word.

Thus, Heaven got to work as God began to fashion the Teacher.

God gave him courage; for his trail was one that had never been blazed before.

God gave him patience; because the people he would be sent to

would test him time and time again.

God gave him perseverance; he simply could not afford to give up.

The stakes were too high.

God gave him doggedness; to be able to stand with what was right

even if every other person would turn their backs on him.

God gave him love; love enough to accommodate the world he'd been sent to.

God gave him resilience; for his journey would not be an easy one.

And blessed him with a beautiful wife that would journey with him every step of the way.

He gave him a full head of hair and a love for corn and music;

Along with a desire to win every chess game

And then made him 6 feet tall for good measure.

Finally, God gave him His Holy Spirit.

And the work was done.

He would be born in a remote town, tucked away in West Africa.

You know, God is an expert in using the little things for His glory.

Like a spring, he would feed oceans
all over the world with his grace and wisdom.

His name would be called Temple;
the dwelling place of the Almighty.

Oluwatunmibi, for through him would emerge a people reborn.

Born in a time and place where there was no true God,

He had to make his own way in destiny.

Line upon line
And precept upon precept,

With a patient heart,
he began to reform the minds of men.

The word of God was his tool and the Throne was the goal.

That man may be reconciled back to God.
Many times the journey was turbulent.

He faced disdain and scorn,
Endured ridicule and betrayal

And too many times he was paid with evil simply for being good.

But he remained undaunted
And he waxed stronger and greater.

Through his teaching, the light of the gospel began to spread one heart at a time.

And as men received the light, they passed it on to other hearts.

From a little flicker of a candle,

The light swept across the world,
transforming the hearts of men as it grew.

Before me today, are products of this light,
that started years ago as a little flame.

Lights of the world, set up on a hill and
we won't stop sharing this glorious gospel, this marvellous light.

That's how the story never ends.
Everytime you teach or preach or reach out to a soul

This story continues in another heart.
And it's a story worth telling.

Wouldn't you agree?