

Whose SEED are you?
What BODY do you carry?

Many seeds there are,
Nonetheless every seed has its own body.

The SEED OF GOD..there is;
Birthed in Creation by the very RIGHTEOUS word of God.

Made exactly in the very Image of the incorruptible God.
(Genesis 1:26-27)

(I've got a question for sir)
(Whose seed are you?)

There are seeds of Condemnation that
is formed in corruption

For to make man fall into Sin..

Covering their eyes from the realities of Life.
Giving to them a Body called Flesh.

That they may therein manifest
all works which leads to Death.

What seed am I?

Galatians 6:7 Be not deceived; God is not mocked:
for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.

Galatians 6: 8 For he that soweth to his flesh
shall of the flesh reap corruption;

but he that soweth to the Spirit shall
of the Spirit reap life everlasting.

1 Peter 1:23  Being born again, not of corruptible seed,
but of incorruptible, by the word of God,

which liveth and abideth for ever.
just as a Palm won't grow a Pepper

And as an Ant won't Birth an Antelope,
So is it with all seeds.

How much more the ones that are born of the Living God.

The Day shall manifest all seeds.

For what fellowship hath Righteousness with Unrighteousness?

And what Communion is between the Light and Darkness?

Oh! That men will come to this Knowledge
of the Originality of Themselves.

Taking away all Deceitful seeds of Unrighteousness.

And Cleaving back to the Word of Life who is all capable
To give light to who we are.

Carefully Nurturing and Watering us
into the maturity of the Spirit of God.

Till all Godly fruits be made
manifest in us as Trees.

Who at First was and is a HUMBLE SEED for God in this Earthly Body.

Every seed shall bear its own
fruit but whose seed are you?

Jesus Christ is the Sower of all good SEEDS and GOD it is!
Who gives DIVINE ENERGY to our SOULS

That we might give Perfect Bodies to Every of His Goodly Seeds

Planted in us, Partakers of the irrevocable calling.

And as for the Worthied number of Us,
Whose identity is found where spirits are raised,

where lives are changed.
Who has learned as seeds to find

our true origin in the Word of Life
Who has learned as seeds to cleave to our Source of life.

Don't be amazed when we Testify of the God we are;

For we are the express image of God's person.
Ones who live by our originality in him.

Fetching from the wells of goodness he offers to us
Sovereign strategist who aligns us into divinity.

The Greatest one with whom we have to do.

For he is our Alpha and Omega.
He gave Birth to us by the Spirit of his Grace.

Oh! What an incorruptible Seed we are.
Our Clothing  is Righteousness

Fitting in Perfectly as Gods in our Earthly Bodies.

Oh! How Beautiful the Planting of the Lord is.
Strongly rooted by the rivers of the Living Waters.

And giving birth to Great Fruits thereafter.

Surely,she shall be the Mother of Countless Generation of seeds.

For Every Seed Planted by the Lord
Shall surely become a Mighty Tree.

The branches thereof shall touch the Ends of the Earth.
It shall be the Covering place of Mighty Kings.

For the Sun of the Lord shall shine Life into him.
Putting therein all Goodly Nutrients..

Of the Gift of Wisdom  and of Knowledge,
Of Faith and of Prophecy, of the Gift of Healing

And of the Working of Miracles,
Of Discernment of Spirits and of Tongues and interpretation

For our Seeds shall put-off the old man and shall put on
The Body of Christ which is fitly joined to God.

Oh! How Mighty we shall be.
How prodigious we shall be.

For Greatness shall be our Height
And Richness our Depth.

Influence to the immeasurable depth
And unto us shall ALL NATIONS be gathered.

ALL NATIONS shall flow into this wisdom
ALL NATIONS will walk in this oneness

ALL NATIONS shall flow into this KINGDOM.
For we are the SEEDS Planted and Nurtured by God.

Even as we Yield to every Nutrient his word gives
A 100 and a 60 Fold shall be our Increase

And the Storehouse shall not contain them.

For we have Escaped the Corruption of this World.

We have behaved ourselves in our place of RIGHTEOUSNESS.

And Yes! We have Sacrificed ourselves in Obedience to the Living God.

We have Chosen to deal in Wisdom.

Taking away from ourselves the seeds of Foolishness and

Darkness which is the Seed sown into the heart of the Disobedient.

Now! We Know !
As SEEDS of GOD,We Can't Die!

For the Word of God makes us up.
Equipping us Unto Fruit Bearing.

That our Fruits may Cover The WHOLE EARTH with his Glory.

Yes! The Word of God is The Perfect Shaper of our Bodies

unto EVERLASTING GLORY.
Oh! Yes,we are the SEEDS Of GOD!!!

(WHOSE SEED YOU)