Wole Oke is a graduate of Architecture at the University of Lagos, Nigeria in 1991. He is based in Lagos, Nigeria and currently the

Partner of Azimuth Nigeria Limited, a design and construction company established in 1991. He has been in practice for 27 years,
locally and internationally.

in the set-up and construction of various worship centres within Lagos.

He is happily married and blessed with a wonderful daughter.


Joyce Da'Costa is an investment banker and chartered accountant, with a heart to see hope and divine justice fulfilled for everyone

She became a Christian in late '70s. She re-dedicated her life to Christ in the late '80s and got filled with the Holy Spirit in the same year;

She is a masters degree, ACCA PG Dip Fin. Mgt and ACCA Fellowship qualifications holder.

Her husband and herself founded the Hope Alive Trust charity organisation based and registered in the United Kingdom, which was

Also, joining them in this cause are family members, friends and the very much wider community of people who believe in the same

Currently working in a Spanish multinational bank based in the U.K., she has over 25 years banking experience in various roles including

Joyce is an avid writer and fervent teacher of the word of God. She has published two books, "I HAVE A HOPE" and "IT'S HARD ENOUGH
She is married and blessed with two children. She resides in the United Kingdom.

JOYCE DA'COSTA








Femi is a successful strategic Chartered Accountant, and a founder of WBX Group, a venture builder for BME entrepreneurs and gifted

Femi is a highly capable board member, with the proven ability to deliver greater value through offering innovative vision, strategic

He has over two decade experiences in a wide variety of small and medium organisations with an emphasis on innovation. He brings

Femi is a School Governor of St. John Fishers' Catholic School where he was the Chair of the finance committee (2013

Femi Dada


Moyo Omolehin

Omolara Omolehin


Temple Omolehin