SPOKEN WORD: GREAT MOUNTAIN


Insignificantly few
A handful dispersed here and there

What is the hope of these? They ask...
For many have treaded and were trodden

This domain you seek to claim, many have swallowed
The ones whose beauty was the rave of the moment

The ones whose numbers were intimidating
The ones whose eloquence none could match

The ones whose authority shook the heavens
They all with hard work tried to effectuate a reality that will remain

In the whispers, in the chaos
In the uncertainties my life silos

I sought freedom, I sought purpose
I sought greatness, wasn

I looked high up, I looked low down
Looked in scriptures, the holy diction

What did I see? A prophecy spoken of us where it said:


Now very calmly, my thoughts ponder on the mistakes of great men in the
Generation after generation, mighty kingdoms rose and fell

Great they were, mighty their fall was.




Inconsequentially small to be enleagued
To many, a set of people prideful

To the Maker, people that can be trusted He has finally found.
Take pride in keeping your cycle safe from infiltration,

I hear the Master say

For there is no shame in being small
And we are a people who understand the bidding of the Father

We will move, but not be moved,
We will grow, without outgrowing vision

We will multiply in strength,
and become the mountain that towers over the whole earth

Ohhhh great mountain! Where is thy stance?
Called of God, through life staggering

Cowering in subjection, slave to humanity
God

Rise from the ashes, oh phoenix reborn
Feet clad with the readiness of the gospel

Stand still great mountain,
in the perfect peace of your Lord


Some were said to be the
men and fill their souls with joy and fulfillment

Prophets, kings, magicians, sorcerers, enchanters tried their best
and yet none was great enough to bring salvation to man.

Strategies, tactics, plans, endeavors were often used to unite,

strengthen, and empower a great empire that forms a kingdom for
God and fulfil His will on earth but all ended in vain.

But then, an
cast on earth to be the cornerstone forever

Did I hear you say WORD SANCTUARY?



Though the challenges be great
Yet we won

We will be about our Father
We will draw our strength from the lives changed

We will continue in all purity for the sake of
the generations coming after us

We will stand and conquer till we sumount all adversaries

We will keep winning souls
Where others are failing and falling out

We will quietly fill-in
We are come in the name of the Lord to do something no one has done

This small stone is surely become a great mountain
Of Fame

Of grace
Of the anointing

Of vision, dominion, and of power

In the distress, in the fading
In my closet locked from within

I researched power, I researched relevance
Searched out answers to life

I asked imams, I asked prophets
Asked the scriptures, Holy Spirit

What, pray thee, did I hear?
“


This was the Stone which the builders refused, because it was not cut
out by their hands, but it is become the head stone of the corner.


So great mountain, where is thy voice?
God in you silenced by fear

Words of the eternal spirit suppressed within
God

Declare to the people, oh mouthpiece of Zion
Speak the truth that makes us all free

Echo now great mountain, in the confidence of the spirit

In the knowledge, in the power
In the awareness, something

I reached for freedom of my expression
Reached for positions in high places

I dug for a compass to my destination
Dug the scriptures, holy instruction

What then did I find?


As far as events have gone, fulfilling this prophetic
vision has been most exact and undeniable;

Future ages shall witness this
and the whole earth shall be filled with the glory of God!

As I heard this word of truth, repenting of all old ways
I believed in my oneness of spirit, holding fast to the prophecy he told

What now did he say?
that covered the whole earth.

Now move, great mountain
In you is the power of witnessing in all the earth

The fullness of the glory of God expressed to all mankind
With you is the divine manifestation, the world waits patiently for

The force of greatness destabilizing the kingdom of darkness
Hear ye o nations,

For the small stone is become a great mountain
The citadel for many nations

The abode of greatness
The refuge of power

This great mountain will be spoken of and reckoned
with all over the world.

It
Yes, time to take this world for God

Word Sanctuary is become that great mountain

