I once knew an angry young man,

A discontent and angry young man,

He was angry at the hand the World dealt him.

He was angry with his Father, he said

“
would have left me an inheritance

and I wouldn

He was angry with the Government he said

“
I wouldn

He was angry with the Church and he said

“

I wouldn

He was angry with God, he pointed to the sky and said

“

Poverty, terrorism, kidnappings, corruption, injustice, inflation,

unemployment, economic hardship, Depression, mental breakdown,

suicide; what else do you have in store for us?  World war 3?

You see, many are living and thinking like this young man,

Bitter blaming everyone except themselves.

He chose to be a victim of the circumstances.

A man without GRACE

There is nothing new under the sun,

what has been will be again,

what has been done would be done again.

Check the history books and see!

Unmerited favor will not suffice,

Grace is much more excellent than that which is insinuated.

GRACE!  GRACE!   GRACE!

Grace is that which you cannot stop speaking and singing about,

it is that which you think on day and night,

that thing that you habitually observe to do which

causes you to prosper and have good success.

Grace is that which makes you conceive
the reality that all things are possible.

Grace is that which causes your face to shine
and makes you find favor with God and men.

Grace is that which makes you
look ahead and see no obstacles.

Grace is that which makes you love challenges.

Grace is that which makes you boldly declare
“

Grace is that which makes you fulfill your pledge to the Lord.

Grace is what you know and do that
produces for you the God-kind of Result!

Abraham had Grace and he became the father of many nations.

Isaac had Grace he planted in a period of famine,
when the ground was hard and he reaped a hundred folds.

Jacob had Grace he produced wealth
by revelation in the house of Laban.

Joseph had Grace and he reigned in a strange land.

The Lord Jesus had so much Grace he saved the World.

The Apostle and disciples had Grace and they brought us
the gospel, moving from nation to nation, city to city.

People of God,

I challenge you with a question today,

what will you do with the Grace that
has been graciously bestowed on you?

Will you be a victim of circumstances or will
you decide to reign in Life with Christ?

Remember, as long as you are in the World,
you are the light of the World,

And the memory of the just is blessed.