

I thought I was little

I thought I was young

Stakeholders of the Kingdom;

How could I have been one?

I was raised in this Kingdom Right from a tender age

I was taught the Oracles of Greatness in the Kingdom of God most high,

And the Teachings of leadership became the alarm that constantly rings in my ears

You are a King! it says... You are a Priest! it teaches,

But guess what? I was a CHILD

??An heir didn't even know where they belong

How long will they last in the Jungle?

If you as a child of God didn't know who you are

You'll be lost, you'll be drowned

in a dungeon that isn't even real??

Day by day, I  watched others from afar  rise in the Kingdom of my Father,

My father's arm is after all open to all.

But I kept wondering what the difference was

Oh!  I thought I was young and unneeded.

??Am I more than this Am I

Am I more than this Am I??

I never knew there is so much power in my veins as a child raised in God,

But my Father's voice, God's voice, The Great still voice keeps screaming out gently in my subconscious

Yes! God's voice came to me and he said Hey child! rise up

You are a Stakeholder in this Kingdom, Don't you get it?

You were raised in my bowels and I have waited so long for you,

For an heir, As long as he's a child differeth not from a slave

You are More than a Mere Christian

You are beyond  a natural Man

You are a King and A Priest unto God

And your Victory has been scheduled

You've been Blessed for this

Shodden with instructions, Laced with revelations

??You are more than this You Are

You are More than this you Are??

So it is Dawn on me that
this slavery am into isn't even real,

Am a child of God raised by
an ever-flowing river of his words of Grace,

But I deprived myself of all the
benefits not understanding who I Ma...

It's Time! Rise, Oh Yes, Rise!

You are a stakeholder in this Kingdom

And there is so much you can
do for the Kingdom's advancement

Your Prosperity has been settled by God

Your Destiny is well-mapped by him!

So give your Life up  in uttermost
obedience to His Word

Rise...

??Rise up, Rise up Boy

Rise up Rise up Girl

Rise To the World before your eyes??

You won't just be sitting

Your fears are not real,

Your bounds are imaginative,

The land is green take it,
your Father expects so much from you,

You are a Stakeholder and Yes an
Elder of the kingdom

Take up that zeal, work the work,
fight the fight,

Run the race and win the price

For you are a King and a Priest
raised in the Father's bowel

Rise Church, Rise and get to the task

FOR YOU ARE A STAKEHOLDER

??Rise Up, Rise Up Boy

Rise up  Rise up Girl

Rise up To the World before your eyes??