THE MIND OF CHRIST

After a fruitful evangelism one day,

I got home and my mom came to my room and told me inquisitively;

Why worry yourself? Why the endless and consistent trips to the church? Why behave crazily?

Are the sleepless nights with the roaring worth it?
Are the so-called fasting worth it? Why the stress?

Then with smiles in my heart, I replied her;

if I decide to stray from these, then I

my vision will be like fireworks that only lasts a while and is put out in obscure darkness.
His word in my heart, the fire in me stops glowing

But I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ for it

This is yet an introduction of the mind of Christ.

The gospel is nothing but the glory of one man; Christ.
He came down to the crowd, became like us, that we could be faithful as a high priest.

My iniquities were totally washed by his blood. His death, burial, resurrection, surpassed the law; He brought perfection being the end of the law.

Now, eternal life has come to us. He has made us holy and blameless.

Named us his sons, his spirit within us. We

This is the commandment that he has given us. That he made us a shining light amongst the people.
That we should bring salvation to the ends of the earth.

You know a lamp is not lit and placed under a bushel. But instead, it is placed on a lamp stand that it should show the light to everyone that

Now this is the calling that we

There is fire in my bones. I have got victory because God is on the throne.

Tell the world that his message can heal and save. That I

There is something you need to know about eternal life and how Christ died.

Grace and peace is multiplied when you grow in revelation, so take it to the nations.

Tell them that you

Go into the world, Preach because there is no place the gospel cannot reach. I have been called, you have been called.

Your light is not meant to be hidden. The mystery that was hid, now is shown to you in the face of Christ.

Seeing that Jesus was clearly crucified for your sin, he has given you a free life.

So nothing compares to being born from above, to being raised up to heaven, being one with the Father. How could I not speak about this

Now I cannot keep shut....
I am going to fill and saturate the earth with God's glory.

I will make every single person come into the Knowledge of this

This is the mind of Christ.
This is the mandate that we stand for,
that we live for,
that

Christos Phroneo....