TESTIMONY/PRAISE REPORT COMPILATION FOR THE MONTH OF AUGUST 2024

WORD SANCTUARY FUTA
1. We bless God for favour in businesses and finances. One of our members got sent a link for a job opportunity by a superior.
As she got the message, she said a short word of prayer for favour before applying for the job.

The company responded saying her work was not up to their standard but she fit so well into the role that they gave her the job with a 2 month probation and a salary increase at the end of the 2 months provided she improved in her delivery. Glory to God!

2. We give God praise for being able to fulfill more than half of the departmental projects for this year.

3. We give God praise for increase in number and commitment of our members.

WORD SANCTUARY UNILORIN
1. We give God praise for our Leadership. God has helped us over the past 1 year with might signs and wonders following.
2. We give God praise for favour and increase as individuals and as a Church

3. We give God praise even as our new folks are sharing testimonies of God using them to heal the sick.

KWASU INSTALLATION
1. We give GOD praise for a most successful semester financially, academically and business wise. There were also testimonies of healings and growth.

2. We thank God for exponential growth in the lives of our members and leaders this semester.
3. We give GOD praise for Oneness among our HODs.

UNIBADAN CHURCH
1. We give God God praise for the additions into his Church; we got 6 new workers.
2. We experienced the power of prayer because we had people come to church uninvited and joined the church

WORD SANCTUARY TANKE
1.  We give God praise for the month of August, there has been so much good news from afar from all our folks who travelled for the holiday.

2. We thank God for souls. One of our leaders who preached to a soul in March and has been following up on him but he never yielded. Recently, He suddenly sent a message that he wants to take Life class.

3.  We give God praise for the fantastic results of our members who just graduated. A number of them graduated with a second-class upper

ABU ZARIA
We had a virtual meeting with our Father and it went well, it was the first time, Glory to God that the workers were able to hear from Father directly.

WORD SANCTUARY LAGOS
1. August was an amazing Month for the Church as we experienced the power and the Glory  of God. One Lady who was in a coma regained consciousness and another was delivered from addictions.

2. We are beginning to have great harvest as some of the folks from the JPU Anniversary has been committed in their departments, Life Class, foundation training and to the church services.

KWARA POLY
We give God all the Praise for testimonies and countless testimonies as a Church and even as individuals.

WORD SANCTUARY COHS
1. We thank God for the safety of every member of the church. People traveled and returned and there was no bad news.
2. We thank God for the new things he is about to do in his church and the new glory he is about to put on his church.

ABUJA CHURCH
We give God praise for all He has done and is still doing in our lives from the beginning of this year which is a great blessing to us. We give our God all the praise because Him alone is worthy to be praised.

HEAD QUARTERS
1. We give God his unending grace and answers to prayers.
2. We thank God because non Christians are getting saved and receiving the life of Christ.