verse
Title: Thou O Lord

Drawing inspiration from the timeless wisdom of Psalm 3,

"Thou O Lord" is a musical homage to the enduring words of comfort and

guidance found within the sacred text. With reverence, this song encapsulates

the essence of faith and trust in the divine shepherd who leads us through life's

valleys and green pastures.

Through its poignant melodies and resonant lyrics,

"Thou O Lord" echoes the soul's journey of seeking solace and finding refuge in

the unwavering presence of God.

So prepare to have your spirits lifted and your hearts stirred as we invite our

esteemed choir for their ministration.

verse
Title: The Lord's Prayer

Embodied in the timeless words of devotion and supplication,

"The Lord's Prayer" stands as a beacon of faith and humility,

echoing across generations with its profound message of reverence and trust.

It is a song of solace and strength, resonating with the eternal promise of divine love and providence.

Behold, as our choir becomes the vessel of celestial melodies,

weaving a tapestry of enchantment with their voices,

as they minister forth a song of sublime significance.

verse
Title: Lord's Mount

The Lord's Mount is a composed symphony boasting of the infinite

awesomeness of God in the wonder of Earth's creation.

Through stirring melodies and heartfelt lyrics,

let us behold the majesty of the Lord, as we stand in awe at the foot of His holy mountain.

'Lord's Mount' invites you to embark on a transcendent experience,

where the power of music meets the glory of God.

May I invite our esteemed choir to grace us with their heavenly harmonies.

verse
Title: Universal Fasting

'Universal Fasting' is a captivating melody that is more than just a song.

Originating from deep meditation and prayers,

it is a song that gives voice and rhythm to the prayers of a broken and contrite spirit.

The song was composed by our Father in 2022 and snagged the title of Song of the Year for that same year.

'Universal Fasting' is more than just a song.

It's a heartfelt desire, a prayer from our hearts to God's ears.

Ladies and gentlemen, join me welcome the Word Sanctuary Choir.

verse
Title: Oloriaye

'Oloriaye' is a composed melody that translates to 'King of the Universe'.

It is a song that testifies of God's goodness and sovereign power over all the earth.

Despite being composed four years ago,

'Oloriaye' has remained evergreen and its lyrics still ring true in our hearts.

Please join me make welcome the Word Sanctuary Choir as they minister to us 'Oloriaye'.

verse
Title: Great Man

Songs are different.

There are some songs that give thanks and

there are songs that you sing when life asks you certain questions and throws you certain challenges.

'Great Man' was written by our Father in a season of persecution and

adversity as a response to the questions that life asked him at the time.

More than a decade old, it's a song that challenges you to look within and

draw strength from the reserves of God's Word.

Because if God is for you, who really, can be against you?

Please join me make welcome the esteemed Word Sanctuary Choir as they bless us with this song.