I have discovered that everyone?s got a message

But not everyone delivers

So, I created an open verse

This way, a thousand and one can be receivers

There is every chance that you all have heard this before

But just so you know this has been built for your memento

I heard that a voice was crying in the wilderness

Carrying a message of this sort

Still, some did not think it fit to be sorted out by it

Thank God for my family; the family of God

We are built to always recommend God where ever we go!

Reason being that He is the indispensable God

Our God is indispensable

Believe it or not, He is the only one that can sort you out

Now we do things at an extreme length

It's so unusual we got tagged, CRAZY PEOPLE

Because you and I live by the grace of God,

We know that Human knowledge can never suffice

The Bible calls us wise.

Now it should be clearer to you why we concede

to a Lord and Saviour, His name is JESUS

Making Him in charge of all that concerns us

Some have even tried to water him down,

but we know his true identity

We're not even upset because the stone

that smote the image might have seemed feeble at the time.
Yet it became a GREAT MOUNTAIN.

The reality of the magnitude of the person of God is ours

And we know what to do with it.

What is the crux of this message?

We know our saviour, we live by his dictate!

We are nothing without HIM and

we are lucky to be bounded by HIM

Ignorants may call us slaves

Aye, we work like slaves,

but our spirit beareth witness

that we serve the right master.

People of the most high God,

can we JUST PRAISE God

for making Christ MANIFEST!

Can we make a joyful noise in the house today?

Can we make God proud of us alright?

Ignite your spirits with praises so the devil

can be reminded of his mistakes

He should have known better than to try

and exalt himself higher than our God!

Today we MAGNIFY our King!

Tomorrow we continue God's business

We won't relent till we teach Humanity God's dispensation.

She is our obligation!

EXPECTATIONS are high!

The TABERNACLE of witness is no longer in the wilderness

It's been translated into every worshipper of God

whose DEPTHS are unsearchable.

We've been ignited to ILLUMINATE humanity

Today we celebrate our Anniversary!

God has and He is still rendering MARVELOUS HELP to us.

The full knowledge is the aim!

Let's Declare our devotion together;

I stand strong with God

Till there is no ignorant person in this world, I won't relent.

My works will never experience the minimal rule!

Humanity will not miss out on the WEIGHT OF GLORY ahead.

So help us, God, Amen!