EVANGELISM

We look, we see, we ask:
What is your calling?
You
Brother, to what purpose do you live?
Searching highs and lows, pacing left and right

Sister, what is the fruit of your living?
You claim salvation, yet enveloped in the inconspicuous blanket of
Floating amidst the folds of life
Simply gliding by. Existing, yet inexistent
What now! To what end, I ask.

To what end, is, your salvation?
Of what use is the life of which you received?
If truly you have received this life,
This precious life of God,

Invaluable, indispensable, insurmountable
Life that loves, life that gives, life that saves
Do you then live it by hiding it?
Life that abounds, stashed away in a dark cupboard?
Life that sacrifices, represented by selfishness?

Life that strove to find you amidst rejection
How then do you repay this life with imprisonment?
If truly you cherish this life,
This precious life of God,
Beautiful, bountiful, wonderful
Life of joy, life of love, life of peace
Do you then cherish it in shame?

Life so virtuous, subjected to thoughts of what people might think?
Life so endearing, restricted for fear of rejection?
Life that turned down all glory to restore your confidence.
How then are you too shy to broadcast this life?

If you truly know this life then you
So now, tell it on the mountain:
A city set on the hilltop cannot be hidden,
And the lost souls who see and run into it shall, through you, be saved.
Declare it in the valley:

That they who walk therein shall fear no evil, walking by your leading, being
Come on and shout it on the streets:
Louder and louder than any clanging cymbal.
They say empty barrels make the loudest noise, I say he that is in you is
Teach it at sea:

Let it run free, waves carrying life-giving words to the ends of the earth
Cleansing, purifying, healing the land of the plagues of sin.
Now would you sing it to the wind:

Sweet notes of life, love, and perfection drifting from generation to
And let the nations glorify your Father in heaven
Live by it in your closet, walk in it by the roadside:
That you might be instrumental in the perfecting of saints out and about
And all men shall be blessed by you.

This is the voice of one in the spirit saying
Preach, Evangelise, Win souls, Disciple nations,
Replenish the earth, Testify of the truth.
This is your covering.
For this reason, and this alone, were you born.