SPOKEN WORD ON LOVE

So with time, I've come to begin to pay very close attention to this four letter words.

What if it isn't as real, as they make it to be?
What if it's just overrated like they say?

Or what if it's even more real than I can imagine?

I've heard stories of it
I've heard many people try to define it

I've heard many people trying to explain what it is, what it is not and what it feels like.

Ohhh!!!
I've also heard quotes,

Lots and lots of quotes about it.

Love they say is blind
Love is an unquenchable flame

There is always madness in love.
Love is a fire, but whether

it is going to warm your hearth or
burn down your house, you can never tell.

Lots and lots of quotes I say.

So one day I sat with my dad

And he began to tell me things
about this four letter word.

He showed me the image of a beautiful girl,
you see that lady he said,

she just sold her virtue for love.

He showed me another man...
You see that man he said,

he chose his priorities wrongly and so he's going to lose his family soon because of love.

Because of love? I asked.
Yes He answered me,

For he has chosen to love the wrong things.

And so he showed me another young man in a very big
city.

This man he said has also chosen to love the wrong way.

Very soon he will be millionaire with blood in his hands.

So my dear, my father began to say.

With 8 billion people on earth,
you would never be able to get the perfect

definition if you keep listening to
everything every one has to say about it

They all define it differently
They all express it differently

And they all love differently.

And just when these words began to sink in,
he showed me another young man.

You see that man he said, he is a king.
A king? I asked. But he doesn't look like a king to me.

A king my father answered.

He doesn't look like one because he
chose to serve his people and liberate them

because of Love. He even died in the process.

Hmmmm, I thought love was supposed to be
all sweet and fun I said.

It is my dear it is.
But it will not always be so.

To this man it is sacrifice.
To another it could be forgiveness

And again to another it could be death.

But never forget
Always choose to love correctly

Always choose to love the right things
And always chose to never be wrong when you express it.

Keep this and never forget it.
Love is patient, love is kind.

It does not envy, it does not boast,
it is not proud.

It does not dishonor others,
it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered,

it keeps no record of wrongs.  Love does not delight in evil but with the truth always.

It always protects, always trusts,
always hopes, always perseveres.

You see this things they do?
It will end. But love will last forever.