

Boy: hello babe

Girl: hi

Boy: whats up

Girl: I'm fine. I saw the money

you sent to me this morning.
You're such a darling. Thank you so much

Boy: come on. Anything for you baby.

So are you busy this weekend?
Girl: Not really.

Boy: okay. So are you coming over?

Girl: Do you want me to come over.

Boy: of course I do.

Girl: Alright then. I'll be there.

Boy: I will be expecting you. Love you.

Girl: Love you too.

Phone clicks.

Spoken word proper

When you hear conversations like that

You already know whats going to happen 'this weekend'.

Premarital sex..
The intercourse that happens between men and women

who haven't made any

commitment to themselves before God and man.

Premarital sex..
The exchange of destinies that

happen between men and women who may never even become husband and wife.

Premarital sex..

The forceful coming together of people who are not one yet
Premarital sex..

The defiling of the bed that was meant to be holy and Honourable.

The air is everywhere

The wind blows everywhere
It has become the new normal

Nobody is waiting anymore
The band of self control has snapped

The promises of purity broken
Virtues are being lost daily

And then.... And then we have all become weak

I weep.

I weep for a generation who thinks using protection will protect them from

the scorching sin and deadly effect of sex before marriage.

I weep for a generation who thinks sex before marriage is no big deal.

No big deal??

Where is your power?

Where is your strength?

Where is your virtue?

You can't even lay hands on the sick anymore and they receive their healing

Yet you say no big deal
You can't command things that be not to be anymore

Yet you say no big deal??
It is all that controls your mind now

Yet you say no big deal
You are losing your flavour as salt of the earth

Yet you say no big deal??
You don't have a say in your generation anymore

Yet you say no big deal
Many have sacrificed their

destinies for pleasure
Yet you say no big deal??

And the enemy.... The enemy keeps getting stronger
Why??

Because we have sacrificed our power, our strength, our virtue, and our victory on the altar of sin.

Yet you say no big deal???

You see this three letter word
It has truncated the destinies of many.

It has caused many great men to fall.

And has taken virtue out of many women.

This generation has become weak because of it.

Bodies have become polluted because of it.

And in fact men have died because of it.

Stop it!!
Stop it!!!

For your body is your access to humanity

Don't you know you're important because you have a body.

Who knows... You could be elected as the president tomorrow
And that's because you have a body

You could become that CEO
Because you have a body

For the day the body cease to exist... You really do not have a say anymore in this world

Don't you know that your body is where God lives?

For if the body becomes polluted and weak how then can you reach humanity.

How can the earth savour your flavour if you keep losing it every time?

Ohh
I bring to you this holy commandant from God

And beg you by the mercies of God

That you make a decisive dedication of your bodies

As a living sacrifice,
Holy, devoted, consecrated and well pleasing to God.

Flee..
Flee from sexual immorality.
All other sins a person commits are outside the body,

but whoever sins sexually, sins against their own body.
Or didn't you realize that your

body is a sacred place, the place of the Holy Spirit?

Don't you see that you can't live however you please.
Squandering what God paid such a high price for?

The physical part of you is not some piece of property belonging to the spiritual part of you.

God owns the whole works.
So let people see God in and through your body.

And always...
Always say no to premarital sex.