AN EASTER SPOKEN WORDS

Dear Church we are severely under selling Jesus's
work on the cross and the miracle of the Resurrection.
We love to talk about His birth,
His ministry here on the Earth but whenever it comes to His death

when all the breath was gone from His chest and
He was left lying motionless as His Mother wept.
we kind of like to skip over this text and because of
that we fail to realize what His Resurrection actually meant.

What it signifies for us. Today. For you. Right now.
That it is through His Resurrection we know that Life is stronger than Death.
Love is stronger than Hatred. Hope stronger than Despair.
We know the promise of eternal life is available to any of

those who dare to cast away their burdens and cares and
submit themselves to the One who none can compare.
We know the Resurrection fully renewed the relationship between you and
That when the temple veil was ripped like a
single piece of paper the connection was restored between creation and it's

And not because of anything that we have done.
It's all because of the death of His Son.
Because if Jesus hadn't died in our place,
then we could never enter the Pearly Gates.

We would never look upon His face.
We would never have experienced the sweet,
sweet taste of His love.
You see man couldn't fulfill the debt of sin

God couldn't relate to fallen men,
Jesus had to pay the price that we couldn't.
He had to live the life that we wouldn't.
Upon that wooden cross He died when He shouldn't.

Because it should have been you and me.
Jesus took the burden away from every single person
of having to perform to show that they are worthy.
Jesus was struck down for the rebellion we had committed

Jesus became a man of sorrow so that we can abound in peace,
he took all the suffering that was meant for us.
And then I heard a voice, my child I have risen,
you are redeemed.

He is alive
The Resurrection, the act that have
disarmed hell and the grave
A fulfillment of redemption
Praise be to God in his great mercy,

he has given us an eternal life,
through the resurrection of jesus christ.
Our sin washed white by his blood,
through perfect love he surrender himself on the cross.

He defeated hell and the grave,
so we could delight in him for eternity
He became familiar with suffering,
so that we may rejoice because his spirit reside in us.

The resurrection, a gift from God,
something we never worked for,
but yet it power is abundant in our live


All  the work has been done
All you need to do is to run to the
risen one Jesus Christ the perfect son
The one who was, and he's to come

To the alter
The price of our mistakes has been paid in full.
Jesus is here now to make a new season,
the old has pass away, your  sin shall remain in the grave.

The Resurrection savior is on your side.
His present and life is here for you today.
Here is a living water that will ever run dry.
Here is the life in abundant.

Here is the only love that could ever satisfy
And this love has a name,
Prosperity has a name
Life  has a name

Victory has a name
Greatness has a name
And his name is JESUS.


