Thank you Jesus! Today, we have come to sing to you with word fine-tuned to fit into melodious lyrics.

Today, we have come to edify our spirits, singing with our words in harmonious tunes from our hearts to your ears. Thank you!

Because of you we have access to the Father. Something that the entirety of the possessions of humanity couldn't buy with all of their wealth

Our peace came in full because we know youPeace that our forefathers struggled so hard to have without luck

You gave us life without measure, The life that gives us assurance of eternity with the Father.

You made us new creationAnd because of this newness, we have what to give to generations to come.

Although we were despised and spited. We were looked down on with no tangible expectation but you have set us at the head of the table.

This generation mocked us,  Alleging we do not have a use of our time. To them, it was a complete waste of life

Little did they know we are the custodians of the very life they have need of so badly

You gave us the sceptre to lead generations to come, Because of us, now generations to come can have hope and light

Jesus, thank you! Thank you for being so magnanimous. Thank you for being extravagant, and not being frugal with your life to us ward.

We take a sneak peek into the future. And all we see truly beautiful for the mouth to utter. The generations coming can now have hope because of the reality we held unto, holding unto, and will hold to

Jesus, thank you! Thank you Father for giving us your Son. For becoming the propitiation of our sins and that we would have paid dearly for

We who was once guilty proclaimed free and blameless.

You went into the core of the matter and settled in once and for all. Now we can be proud of the eternal life we possess.

Jesus, thank you!

Thank you for the Holy Ghost. That you have given us

A witness that is dearer than a friend.The Holy Ghost who has become the entirety of our existence

You have given us everything! Much more than we could ever ask for You gave all of you for and to us

Today is one of a kind We have come to say thank you for all you are to us

You have given us abundance of everything others labour and slave for without having still

Thank you for ministry, Thank you for life class, Thank you for putting us in a different zone; the zone of Christ

Thank you for purpose, Thank you for definition

We will never be ungrateful for a you have done, you are doing, and will do for us.

And, today, we have come to say thank you!