

Twice in a row, three times I got too slow.

Too slow to stand up and say no.

Defiled, bed mingled with pleasure,

I hear his voice calling, but I still say no.

I see His hands beckoning,

But the fourth time felt too close,

Too close to my sins, too far away from him.

Try me and see, maybe the

fifth would be real,
But my skin is at war with my spirit,
And sin has stolen my soul.
Checks and balances, this clock keeps ticking,
Screenshots of nude pictures fill my screen,
My eyes in motion, my mind in action.

Incoming call in the middle of the war.
Who's calling!!!! I'm busy with pornography.
But my heart skips a bit, as I see that it's Him!!!!
Him!!!, the one who promised to heal me!!!
The one who promised to save and deliver me!!!!

But can't you see?

Cos I'm too broken to need healing,

The shattered pieces just won't fit.

I'm never gonna be your masterpiece.
I'm bleeding, falling, sinking deeply.

I'm clinging to these secrets, never letting

go so nobody sees my broken pieces.

But then, He persists, the one who promised,

The one who is He that should have saved me
from the beginning.
The one who keeps on calling.

For this phone just won't stop ringing

Now at this point, I'll finally pick.

I hear His voice and He starts to speak!!

I am He who has come to set you free.

The body that was broken so yours can fit.

The one who was smitten so you can be redeemed.

The one beaten with stripes so you can be
healed.

I am He, the crucified king.

The bright and Morning star,

The Rose of Sharon.

Your prince, born in the manger.

The God that is your God.

The Lord that is your Lord.

So take my body, it was broken for you.

Take my blood, it was shed on the cross for you.

I see your addictions, I see your faults.

I see your fears, I see your remorse

I see your brokenness, I see your last resolve.

But LISTEN!!!

For while you were yet in sin, I went to the

grave, broke those chains so you can be free.

Down on my knees at Gethsemane, this heavy

cup never passed by me.

For with tears like droplets of blood I

carried your sins on my shoulders like the
cross.

This Nazarene is your one true king.

So drop it all at the foot of the cross.

Drop your fears, drop your faults, drop your

emptiness and let me fill you up.

Drop your broken pieces, and let me make you my masterpiece.

Follow me, and I will make you.

Into that which no man can resist.

Follow me, and let me show you that there is

more to life than food and sin.

I'm glad I picked up his call.

I'm blessed I gave him my all.

I'm ready for the one who gave himself for me.

Nothing can ever be too much to give up for his love.

And I'm grateful because My name is written in Heaven.