So, I began to think about the fact that God formed me in the womb,
and that I was fearfully and wonderfully made. I love the phrase David
“

It reminded me that I did not end up here randomly. I am not an accident.
I am part of God

Don
Or am I something more? Not just something God will plug into the

This got me thinking about God speaking. We see how He spoke things
Does He still speak things into existence? Or did He only need to get the

Did He actually speak me into existence? You into existence?
Or does He just like to quietly knit things together?
I started looking for references to God speaking individual people into

I was reminded that He
I thought about how we are called

Thinking about the first chapter of John reminded me of the third chapter
where we learn that we are not just born once, but twice. Our second birth

which blows like the wind. So, God breathed me into my new birth, and
Yet, in all of this I still felt unsettled.

So, I began to wonder, IF God spoke me into existence what word did He
I began to think about my name. And I remembered that God actually has

I also remembered that to the one who overcomes God will give a white

And that the new name that I will receive will not only be written on the
I began to wonder what it sounds like to hear God say my name.

And just the thought of it sent the love of the Father down to the bottom
I accepted that my name is a word, which means that I am a word. I am a

Once I had accepted that I was a word from God, that He had spoken me
I was filled with such an awesome sense of the presence of God that I

You are a word from God, spoken from heaven.
All of your days were written in His book before your body was ever
Your name is written in heaven. When you left the lips of God your

You will not return to Him empty, but will accomplish what He desires
Receive yourself with thanksgiving today.


You are more than body, soul and spirit. You have been named in Heaven.

You are a Word spoken by God.
Why don't you heed to the voice of the one speaking to your Heart right