My life was shattered and tattered

I was without shield and cover

The life in me was gone and I was filled with emptiness

I was walking and working, but nothing works well for me

I was tired of living

All my thoughts was around leaving the world

My sight was full of darkness

And my path was without direction

But I saw the light in the word

The word came to me and transformed me

Now I see with the sight of the spirit

Now I talk with the understanding of heaven

Let everything within me praise the Lord

So you woke up on a brand new day

The first thought that comes your way is bills to pay

You're already ruminating about the next strategy play

But one question, have you given thanks today?

Have you given thanks today?
The money isn't coming quick, the energy is leaving with speed,

looks like all you can do is to look at needs like you're

playing need for speed but have you given thanks today?

You think what you have isn't enough to achieve what you

want but there's a man who used the equivalent of your

breakfast to feed 5000 people and they were full to

leaving baskets of leftover

Isn't that strange He gave thanks.. Think it over.

What is there to give thanks about?

Everything isn't going the way I want.

Give thanks that there's a God in your

life that isn't making things go the way

you want. Cause the way of man is death and

pain and there's a God showing you a better way.

Give thanks!

If culture has always told us that thanking

your elderly ones for whatever they do propels

them to do more, how did we lose it for God?
Give thanks!!

For the Lord, is my comforter and my savior

The one who died and now lives forever

My life giver and my mystery solver

I see my Lord Jesus Christ who sits on the throne

His blood redeemed me and forgave my sins

I was brought unto him and now I can see him

There is therefore now no condemnation for me

For I live and breathe the life of God

I have come today to praise the Lord of host

My Lord who gave me life eternal

How can I express my mind for the

great things my Lord has done for me?

For I have seen the goodness of my Lord

His loving kindness never leaves me

Person 2: There has been gods for ages,

people have trusted in idols

But the mighty one that rules over the

earth still showers his love on humanity

And whenever I think about how great my Lord is,

I just say ' Thank you Lord'

Person 1: Oh, the heavens proclaim his majesty

The angels in heaven say ' Thou art worthy

oh Lord to receive Glory , Honour and Power'

I, God's finest creature have come to say word

of praises to my Lord,my God

The psalmist praise the Lord and i praise the Lord with Him:

"Let all that I am praise the Lord;

with my whole heart I will praise his holy name

Let all that I am praise the Lord, may I

never forget the good things he does for me

He forgives all my sins and heals all my diseases

He redeems me from death and crowns me with love and tender mercies

He fills my life with good things.

My youths is renewed like eagle's!"

And with my Spirit,soul and body,

with everything I got on my inside

I join the elders in heaven to shout

Praise the Lord'... Hallelujah

For I praise the one I see

I praise the one that I talk to

I praise the one that talks to me

I praise the one that changed my life

I praise my Lord that gave me Ministry

I praise my Lord that made me a Leader

I praise my Lord that gave me my precious holy ghost

Forever my heart sings praises to my King and my Lord

LET THE CHURCH PRAISE THE LORD