TAG
Time does fly indeed Strength will be gone

Face will be stricken for age

But those who walk with the Lord

Their strength is renewed every morning

They'll mount up mountains like an eagle

Walk and Never be Weary

Run and never

For God will be their Peace??

When you see the Old like me

It's something more beyond the Age

It is rather a number of things put together...

TAG
I was once young and Vibrant

Oh I was once bold and Strong

I Could enter the Lion's den and hunts its teeth

I could ride a Camel through

a needle's eye without a glitch

But now, gray hair can tell...

Oh  the wrinkled face can speak

And yes the three legs are loud enough

to tell that the folk right here is

either a Victim or a Master of time...

TAG
Tick tick says the clock...

Oh, Time bears Witness for all...

Someday, Beyond the Looks of your Elderly

self and the childishness that will again

cloud your Aged mind...

Something more will be in play...

It's Called the Reminiscence of Journeys in Time...

TAG
Yes! You'll think...Oh, you'll think...

I mean you'll get a lot of reasons to think and think...

reclined in a Chair by Day...

retired in bed at night...

oh you'll think!

Choose now! What will be later when the time comes?

Will there be Sons and Songs Surrounding to hear

the edifying Victories of your walk in God or something else

At that time, you'll either be a Master of Stories

to the Young or a Slave of Silence for regrets

TAG
You'll think of events and the role you played in them...

What will be the Movie of your mind when the time Comes?

FOR US!
We'll tell the Stories of our Walk with

God As Kingdom Stakeholders...

TAG
How we were ready to go through

the storms in God's delight...

We'll Sing A Song of our Victories

in war with a language unknown

We'll Speak of The Greatest Love Truly defined...

Surrounded by Sons and Daughters with their children's Children

We'll be a Mass Choir of God's Glorious Anthems

We'll Be a Priest of Standard teachings...

Our Mouths will be satisfied with Gladness...

We'll tell of A Great Gathering with which we learned

Heaven's way and Understand the Godhead's Will...

Oh, I Will tell of How the little ones like you

and i who had nothing Emerged and became

Father's and Mother's with gifts of everything.

TAG
Till that day...think ahead what you'll

be glad to think and talk about...

Be in the Acts ...Master the lines...

play the role.. do not be a Victim of chance...

Be a Victor in the Will of God...

Before the light goes dim and

flight lands in the port of immortals...

Remember!

Living is a Journey...And

Walking with God is the Greatest Code for a life well lived