O Christmas tree

o... Christmas tree

You stand in splendid beauty

Your branches green in summer's glow

And evergreen in Winter's snow

O Christmas tree

o... Christmas tree

You stand in splendid beauty.

Oh Christmas tree, the planting of the Lord

Oh Christmas tree, with branches ever strong

Through the ages, you have not depleted in form.

Oh Christmas tree

Your are deeply rooted to the soil

No storm or wind could ever pull you off

Even in the drought your leaves remains green of course.

Oh Christmas tree your fruits are juicy to the core.

Oh Christmas tree, the nutrient from your doctrine I ever love.

Oh Word Sanctuary, my lovely Christmas tree.

A family tree and a Christmas tree

Is the body of Christ unto me.

Christ the seed of God,

fell into the soil and with love

died for us

And from the dirt, rose a new life.

A tender plant prepared for the Chief husbandman

The Apostles came and strengthen the Branches.

Even Titus and Timothy did not sit down idle

Even when the night had veiled our tree

And certain men came with axes

to uproot what was within.

Faithful men prevented them to the death Indeed.

May the souls of the martyrs rest in perfect peace.

Blessed is the memory of the missionaries

Have you heard of their journeys and victory stories.

Stories of God's own Apostles sent to Africa.

I will make mention of few of them

who lived to spread the branches of this Christmas tree.

John G lake, a Canadian - American

he brought this Christmas tree to south africa

Pa S.G Elton, an English man,

An apostle sent to Nigeria

And the memory of

Prophet Timothy Oluwole Obadare remains with us.

Among others,

this are just a few of the

Christmas lights that gave

brightness to the African continent

Brothers and sisters,

like lights on a Christmas tree,

we are the light the world.

The farther the branches go

the farther our light shines

into the nations of the World.

And the farther our light shine,

the farther darkness is to our world.

As we evangelize to the world,

Our Christmas lights Must not dim its shining.

In season and out of season.

The chief husband man

awaiting his precious fruit

from branches all over the world

A fruit ripe to its core.

A fruit from a Christmas Tree.